Hello and welcome to this Python tutorial.
Alright, so this is the exciting tutorial,
and this one you can comfortably sit in your chair,
and get yourself some coffee or tea or your favorite snack,
because, basically, we won't type any line of code
and we will just execute this action
to see the action take place.
And this action is, of course, the training
of our stacked outer encoders,
that's going to happen thanks to all this code here.
But before we execute this action,
let's set some expectations of what we would like to get.
Remember, at each epoch it will print the epoch
and the loss.
And the loss represents the average of the differences
between the real rating and the predicted rating,
but on the training set.
Which means that, for example, if we get
a loss of one at the last epoch that is a de-ant
of the training.
Well that will mean that the average difference
between the real ratings of the movies by the users
and the predicted ratings will be one.
And therefore that's not too bad because that means
that when we predict if a user is going to like a movie,
well on average we will make an error of one star.
One star out of five.
And so that's okay, but, of course, we were hoping
to get a loss that would be less than one star
so that indeed the average difference
between the real rating and the predicted rating
is less than one, and therefore, on average,
we will make better predictions of whether a user
is going to like a movie.
Okay? So that's the first thing.
We are at least expecting to get a loss of less than one,
so that our recommending system can still predict
if users are gonna like the movies,
and then the second thing to keep in mind is that this loss
that we're about to get is the loss on the training sets,
and of course, as usual, what we're most interested in
is the loss on the test set.
But still, if we get a good loss on the training set
then we might have a good chance to get
a good loss on the test set,
unless there is high over-filling.
But remember this model is based on some experimenting
that I did so I made sure it's not the case,
and therefore we should be also getting
a good loss error the test set.
So let's check it out.
We will first do it with the training set,
then you'll have a little coding homework
to do this on the test set so that eventually
we can all get the loss error on the test sets.
So here we go, I'm going to select this section
to do the training and...
showtime!
Alright, so it's training, here we go.
We didn't make any error in the code.
That's great, and it's going at a good pace.
And the loss so far is over than one.
Let's hope that we get below than one.
It seems to be quite a slow convergence,
but let's keep fingers crossed.
Alright, and now we see that we're about to get
below than one.
And here we go. Below than one. 0.99, perfect.
So that's good, I'm gonna move forward now
and we'll see each other at the end of the training.
And here we go, we are at the last epochs.
We might expect a final
loss of 0.91,
because it seems to be converging right now.
Remember that this result is based on experimenting,
and, of course, by having more epochs you can get
a lower loss on the training set,
but then you might end up with a larger difference
of the loss between the training set and the test set,
which we want to avoid.
And here with this configuration, we will see that
we will get a pretty good loss error on the test set
that is not too far from this loss error
on the training set.
Alright, we just passed 190 epochs, now five more to go,
that's almost done, and...
Here we go! That's over!
We ended up with a loss error of 0.91.
So that's not too bad.
Besides, we were training on 100,000 ratings
and you will definitely get a better loss error
if you train this on more ratings.
Remember that you have the one million ratings data set
in the zip folder, so feel free to try it,
and also remember that our code is optimized
so that the training doesn't take too much time.
So that's pretty good and now let's hope
that we will get around the same error on the test set.
But before that you will have this coding exercise
to get the test set error,
so that will involve a full loop as well.
So give it a try. That's very good if you try.
That's the best part of practice.
Even if you don't succeed in the end, you have to try.
And of course I'll provide the solution
in the next tutorial, and we will see
our final test set error.
So I'll see you in this next tutorial, and until then,
enjoy deep learning!